Description and goal:
Our game's name is Pebbles and Ice. In our game, the main character is a penguin called Tux, who goes around and
tries to achieve the end of the game. Tux has to go through many levels and platforms, all while helping side
characters and playing minigames to achieve his final goal of meeting his best friend, Domino and getting fish as a
reward. As he moves on to higher levels, Tux will get more powers, but the levels will also get progressively harder.
Core Actions:
The main fundamental actions we have in the game are moving up, down, left and right. The game will have many
different surfaces with things like ice, making the penguin slip and slide. We will also have a double jump feature
unlocked after a certain level. In our minigames, the penguin must solve problems and dodge obstacles to progress.
Rules:
Overall Goal: Must finish the level and all minigames before progressing to the next level. Objectives: Must finish
minigames and win the level without falling into the water. If you do, you must restart the level. Physics: In the main
game, the physics will be simply a gravitational pull down to the ground, as well as friction when it comes to different
surfaces (for example, we will have ice that is harder to control and snow that will make you slower). Consequences:
If you fail a level, you must restart, and you will lose all of the fish that you have gained in that level
Feedback Systems:
The game provides clear feedback through visual, audio, and narrative cues. Animations will show success or failure,
such as Tux spinning when jumping or splashing into water. Sound effects for collecting fish and beating levels. The
dynamic music will change throughout the game. The health bar can help keep track of Tux’s status. NPCs provide
reactions to progress, hints, etc.
Progression:
The player goes through more challenging levels, unlocking abilities, such as sliding at level 2 or double jumping at
level 4. Levels will bring harder obstacles and smarter enemies. Optional exploration areas for engagement.
Challenges and Obstacles:
NPCs: There will be evil penguins that will try to stop the player. If the player touches these evil penguins, they will
die and have to restart (as well as lose all their fish). There will also be water pools that the penguin can fall into and
drown. Finally, there will be many different puzzles and minigames that might simulate weather or a timed game that
the player has to complete or survive.
Reward Systems:
Through every level, the player is rewarded, which includes collectible fish, new abilities, story progression rewards,
and achievements. These can be obtained through puzzles, fishing minigames, etc. These are here to motivate
players to explore and engage with the world.
Interactivity:
The player will interact with NPCs in this game; they will be able to interact and get more informati